wake up my man
morning morning no English no Oh every
word of English you get sprayed a what's
the plan today solo say soap with a
blond onion boom my Spanish is
absolutely miserable as much of the
difficult though so today I thought I'd
push myself and speak Spanish for an
entire day Mar Matt and Darren had the
idea find water guns to shoot me in the
face if I spoke any other language than
Spanish
Thomas is supposed to be speaking
Spanish all day but this morning smoke
about 20 minutes of English so he's
gonna pay for it now let's just say my
Spanish slipped a couple of times
English Thomas yes I was the England
Thomas I started the day with a photo
shoot format clothing company heart CD
apparel which I had to coordinate the
photo shoot went so we're going to Tim
Hortons Thomas's to order for all of us
hola como estas en una medium cafe con
DOS left shade does see boo nihilo cafe
un poquito cafe she thought I was crazy
I also wanted to prove that I can
navigate through social and professional
situations
thanks for the copies bro so to settle
down in the city of Montreal is my new
Spanish self I needed a date and I
needed a job so it's a mess the first
attempt to find a date went well yeah
quiero saber si Widow uh touch you can
pull up it's kind of good in a second
scoop up what up
yeah yeah
- no afford a date I needed a job
and we can't get him a service job as a
waiter busboy because again speak
English or French so the only job we
could really get him is a dishwasher in
a restaurant
all right so Thomas is going to go into
Tila Tequila taco and he's going to be
asking for a job in trabajo gonna be ok
what you got to do high tennis trabajo
tienes trabajo la cocina
see
no no okay
better I own trabajo en la cocina okay
allah i trabajo si en la cocina i
trabajo
no trabajo hola i trabajo oh I'm sorry i
trabajo no no I don't have a kitchen
here
no cocina no it's a bar okay Aquino me
Madrid pero me good option see no no no
I trabajo no i trabajo hola Sheena's
trabajo 110 is trabajo no hola Dennis
trabajo so there's no jobs for any ones
unfortunately no applause we're hiring a
Swedish look in a broken Spanish
speaking confused look in like 20
something-year-old
I thought the task was impossible but
Matt thought otherwise a short break
from only speaking Spanish again sprayed
in the face I don't believe that it can
be this hard so he's gonna try it for an
hour it's three o'clock I look like a
guy I'm so happy right now I'm gonna get
a job
watch me no necesito oh okay okay Matt a
story bin let's do it
try this one hola me gusta tu trabajo
tennis position oh so no see para ha ha
you know first try I left my number ha
tennis so you grab a hope add a
dishwasher tienes is available
see put the Rose Victor that's yes shout
Wow
so I got to I got a yes from this
restaurant this is beet and they asked
me what hours I wanted to work there is
Idol that day
no way man I feel so bad because they
were so nice they were just like Oh we'd
love to have you here you can learn
better Spanish like hi in 10 minutes you
got a javis but the past four hour but
it's because I speak better Spanish it's
easier if you use comfortable Thomas
but now the day ended in complete
nonsense
[ __ ] side down there's no
justice in this town